hi i miss my from in those deck and what
I have today is the iphone 5 rumor
roundup video for you so without further
ado let's begin as it happened there was
no iphone 5 after all but Apple did
announce the iphone 4s however the
iPhone 5 is still on the cards we
expecting it to debut in mid-2012 or
even a little bit later first of all
let's talk about the iphone 5 form
factor unlike the iphone 4s it is
expected to have a completely new design
from what has gone on before so that
means an entirely new casing as we saw
with the iphone 3g and later the iphone
4 so let's talk about the iphone 5 specs
based on the road map of the mobile chip
design specialist a RM which Apple is a
licensee will see a quad-core processor
debut in the iphone 5 probably called
the apple a6 we know that we'll see
other quad-core hands its debut in 2012
so it's not too much of a stretch to say
that the iphone five will be the same
with many 4g handsets already announced
in the US it can't be long before the
iphone supports 4g technologies
therefore we're waiting for the iphone 5
to support 4G LTE so based on these
rumors the iPhone 5 is the most highly
anticipated smartphone that will be
announced hopefully in 2012 so now I
want to talk about the top 15 most
wanted features in the iphone 5 number
one a micro HDMI output to a removable
battery three expandable memory for
biometric security five NFC enabled
near-field communication technology six
more memory seven flash support 8
facetime over cellular network nine
built-in inductive charging ten improved
3d graphics
11 and a6 processor 12 bitter battery
life 13 4g network compatibility 15 new
design within larger screen so guys
that's my iphone 5 rumor roundup video
for now to keep updated with more tech
videos reviews and more rumors be sure
to click the subscribe button up there
if you enjoyed the video please don't
hesitate to click the like button it
helps me out a lot and till next time
this is my name from a nonstick signing
out